Do you like Boston?
My friend likes to VP rather than text because he likes to communicate in ASL.
When Bob enters the surprise party, everyone will spray silly string at him.
If your friend gets fucked up, I won't take care of him.
When a bad storm comes to Boston, I will stay home.
If all the students pass the test, then there will be no school tomorrow.
Have you ever lived through a winter in Boston? It snows a lot!
If my friends are traveling, I have to join them.
If Mother does not clean the kitchen, I have to do it myself.
I invited my friend to a BBQ because it’s Fourth of July soon.
If a man has a wife, then he loves her.
My friends are planning a surprise event.
Bob hasn’t sent the letter yet.
No, I wouldn't stop vomiting if I had pineapple cream cheese. Lox only is fine with me.
I didn’t enjoy talking to Donna and Jessica.
When a bad storm comes to Boston, I have to stay home.
If I pay rent now, I will have to cancel my vacation.
Yes, I do have homework. I need to write a three-page report.
My other friends joined me last night.
When my friend goes sunbathing at the beach, I have to bring lotion.
Why is Jack nauseated?
If it rained yesterday, I would have gone to the movies.
Bob doesn't have a big dog- he only has a small dog.
What do you need to buy?
If John stays home it probably means he's sick.
I will read a book.
If I mow the lawn, Mom will give me twenty dollars.
Oh no, my mom hates surprises.
No, we do have class next week.
If he hadn't lost his ticket, then he could have gone to the play.
Where do you plan to travel?
When do you want the BBQ to be?
Friends go to the beach to sunbathe because they are pale.
When did my friends start driving?
It's not raining outside right now.
Now I would like to focus on audio vocal orientation. They are based on how the specfifc culture...
You didn't fuck up, did you?
My family doesn't vacation every year anymore.
He would read the book if he had time.
That dog that's chasing the cat isn't mine.
If a man has a wife, it means he loves her.
My friend is going out to a party.
What does my sister want for her birthday?
No, I wasn't old enough to vote at that time.
Who listens to the teacher?
Jim threatened to sue the man who punched him.
If the baseball game has fireworks, I will definitely go and watch.
His name is not John...Wow, it's awful.
If he buys a plaid shirt, I will buy a striped shirt- I don't want the same shirt as him.
Mother is not sick today.
The friends haven't arrived at the movie theater because of traffic.
What is my aunt good at making?
Who has to pay rent?
My mom is getting old.
I will be thrilled if I see my friend tomorrow.
Have the friends traveled before?
If my friend crashes the party, I will kick him out.
If it's not boring, I will read it.
My friends get together to go out because there is a party.
If Mother is sick, I have to take care of her.
What time did the teacher clean the classroom?
Where does your family tend to vacation?
Which famous actor is Liz related to?
No, that's not Sarah Jessica Parker, that was Sarah Palin, they're different.
I hope there's pineapple cream cheese.
I met a lot of interesting people last night.
I went ahead and worked all night. It was an opportunity to make more money.
I would've read the book but the beginning was boring.
Your mom will love the gift you just bought for her.
Which college did Mary go to?
Did my friend drive?
Who is planning to surprise Bob?
My friend doesn’t want to buy a plaid shirt.
I'm excited for when my friend and I go to the concert.
If the box hasn't arrived yet, you need to contact Fedex.
I finished reading the book.
Why does that friend look like he’s going to pass out?
I'm not happy.
If Bob gives his sweetheart a rose, she will be happy.
The family decided to have their annual vacation in Puerto Rico.
No, I just came back from dinner. They had ice cream.
My mother tends to be in a bad mood if Father arrives home late.
Who is going fishing?
I would read this book, but it's boring.
He/she will go to school if it's not cancelled.
Who loves Bill?
If my friend goes travelling, I just have to join.
I hate asking for directions and then having to read lips and gestures to figure out the directions.
What time are we going tubing?
The box isn't small, it's tiny.
Will Bob be surprised at his surprise party?
If my sister gets a headband for her birthday, she will decorate it.
Who is sick?
When the teacher finishes cleaning the classroom, she must leave the key in the door.
I hate commuting to work by bike.
My teacher is a good advisior.
My friends are videophoning from home.
Was the fishing trip with friends fun?
Who wants to play Frisbee?
Why is father upset?
Who is driving?
If she actually does it, the boss will not yell.
That dog isn't mine.
Good weather hasn't arrived in Boston. Hurry up!
You have to work all night?
When does the party start?
